README.md, before:

# EmProps ComfyUI Nodes

Custom nodes for ComfyUI developed by EmProps.

## Installation

### Option 1: Clone with Submodules (Recommended)
```bash
cd custom_nodes
git clone --recursive https://github.com/stakeordie/emprops_comfy_nodes.git
```

### Option 2: Clone and Initialize Submodules Separately
```bash
cd custom_nodes
git clone https://github.com/stakeordie/emprops_comfy_nodes.git
cd emprops_comfy_nodes
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

### Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Dependencies

This project uses VideoHelperSuite as a submodule. The submodule is automatically handled during installation if you follow the instructions above.

### Updating the Repository

To update both the main repository and its submodules, use:
```bash
git pull --recurse-submodules
```

Or if you've already pulled, update submodules with:
```bash
git submodule update --recursive
```

## Nodes

### EmProps_S3_Video_Combine
Combines video frames and uploads the result to S3. Inherits functionality from VideoHelperSuite's VideoCombine node.

Commit message:

docs: Add VideoHelperSuite prerequisites
Clarify that VideoHelperSuite is needed in two ways:
1. As a ComfyUI custom node (for VHS_LoadVideo etc)
2. As our submodule (for code reuse)

README.md, after:

# EmProps ComfyUI Nodes

Custom nodes for ComfyUI developed by EmProps.

## Prerequisites

This package requires [ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite](https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite) to be installed in your ComfyUI environment. Install it first:

```bash
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes
git clone https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite.git
```

## Installation

### Option 1: Clone with Submodules (Recommended)
```bash
cd custom_nodes
git clone --recursive https://github.com/stakeordie/emprops_comfy_nodes.git
```

### Option 2: Clone and Initialize Submodules Separately
```bash
cd custom_nodes
git clone https://github.com/stakeordie/emprops_comfy_nodes.git
cd emprops_comfy_nodes
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

### Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Dependencies

This project uses VideoHelperSuite in two ways:
1. As a required ComfyUI custom node (install separately as shown in Prerequisites)
2. As a submodule for internal code reuse (handled automatically during installation)

### Updating the Repository

To update both the main repository and its submodules, use:
```bash
git pull --recurse-submodules
```

Or if you've already pulled, update submodules with:
```bash
git submodule update --recursive
```

## Nodes

### EmProps_S3_Video_Combine
Combines video frames and uploads the result to S3. Inherits functionality from VideoHelperSuite's VideoCombine node.
